[Autogenerated] A.
W s organizations allows you to link multiple AWS accounts to
consolidate billing and cost reporting.
You can also share re sources such as reserved instances and other cost
optimization as well as share common I am policies and other access
control and compliance strategies across accounts.
Setting up in A W s organization and adding accounts is easy.
And best of all, it's free.
There's no extra charge to use AWS organizations.
Please note that you need to protect your route accounts,
especially the master account for your organization.
General security practice is like using a secrets manager
generating a strong random password,
at least 20 characters in length and enabling multi
factor authentication or M F.
A will help keep your account safe.
Please view the designing for advanced security within AWS
course for more details on what steps you should take to fully
locked down your route accounts.
Let's go to the AWS console and log in as the root user of the account.
We want to be the master account of the organization and create an organization.
I've logged into this AWS account as the root user,
select the username,
then select my organization this is the AWS organization's page
select Create Organization to enable AWS organizations and make this
current account the Route Master account.
There are two different options when creating an organization.
The one is the full organization package.
Alternatively,
you can create an organization that only consolidates billing to take
advantage of a lot of the features we want to demonstrate.
We're going to do the full organization once A W S
organizations has initialized.
For this account, you'll see an account ID and the email for the root user of the master account.